1. What is Object.defineProperty? and all possible configuration options? 
A. The Object.defineProperty() method defines a new property directly on an object, or modifies an existing property on an object, and returns the object. Syntax: Object.defineProperty(obj, prop, descriptor). Here obj determines object on which to define the property and the prop defines the name of the property to be modified. The descriptor for the property being defined or modified. Property descriptors present in objects come in two main flavors: data descriptors and accessor descriptors. A data descriptor is a property that has a value, which may or may not be writable. An accessor descriptor is a property described by a getter-setter pair of functions. A descriptor must be one of these two flavors; it cannot be both. These are configurable true if and only if the type of this property descriptor may be changed and if the property may be deleted from the corresponding object. Otherwise the default value is false.

2. What is Object.defineProperties? and all possible configuration options?
A. The Object.defineProperties() method defines new or modifies existing properties directly on an object, returning the object. The syntax is Object.defineProperties(obj, props). The obj determines the object on which to define or modify properties. The props determines an object whose own enumerable properties constitute descriptors for the properties to be defined or modified. Property descriptors present in objects come in two main flavors: data descriptors and accessor descriptors same as is Object.defineProperty(). These are configurable true if and only if the type of this property descriptor may be changed and if the property may be deleted from the corresponding object.

3. What is object.create and object.keys?
A. The Object.create() method creates a new object with the specified prototype object and properties.
          Syntax: Object.create(proto[, propertiesObject]). The proto determines the object which should be the prototype of the newly-created object. propertiesObject is optional.
    The Object.keys() method returns an array of a given object's own enumerable properties, in the same order as that provided by a for...in loop. Syntax: Object.keys(obj). The object determines the object whose enumerable own properties are to be returned.

4. Can we create object from functons?
A. JavaScript methods are the actions that can be performed on objects while a method is nothing but a property containing a function definition. Methods are functions stored as object properties.

5. What is a prototype?
A. Every JavaScript object has a prototype. The prototype is also an object. All JavaScript objects inherit their properties and methods from their prototype. All JavaScript objects inherit the properties and methods from their prototype. Objects created using an object literal, or with new Object(), inherit from a prototype called Object.prototype. Objects created with new Date() inherit the Date.prototype. The Object.prototype is on the top of the prototype chain.

6. What is this keyword? significance?
A. A function's this keyword behaves a little differently in JavaScript compared to other languages. It also has some differences between strict mode and non-strict mode. In most cases, the value of this is determined by how a function is called. It can't be set by assignment during execution, and it may be different each time the function is called. 

7. What is a window?
A. The window object represents an open window in a browser. If a document contain frames (<iframe> tags), the browser creates one window object for the HTML document, and one additional window object for each frame.



                                              