1. What are pseudo classes?
A. A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element. A semi-colon(:) is used to declare a pseudo class. In general they are used to style an element when a user mouses over it ot to 
style an element when it gets focused. CSS pseudo-classes are used to add special effects to some selectors without using any javascript.
  
  Syntax--> selector:pseudo-class 
                   {
                      property: value
                     }
   
    Some of the most frequently used pseudo classes are:-

         :link-->	used add special style to an unvisited link.
         :visited-->	Used to add special style to a visited link.
         :hover-->	Used to add special style to an element when you mouse over it.
         :active-->	Used to add special style to an active element.
         :focus-->	Used to add special style to an element while the element has focus.
         :first-child-->	Used to add special style to an element that is the first child of some other element.
         :lang-->	Used to specify a language to use in a specified element.

        An important thing to be remembered is that, a:hover must come after a:link and a:visited in the CSS definition in order to be effective and
a:active must come after a:hover in the CSS definition in order to be effective.

2. What are pseudo elements?
A. As a pseudo class is used to define special state of an element, a pseudo-element is used to style specified parts of an element i.e, we can style the first letter or line or we can also insert content before and after the content of an element.

            Syntax--> selector::pseudo-element
                        {
                           property:value;
                        }

3. What are the differences between pseudo classes and elements?
A. The difference between pseudo-classes and pseudo-elements is that a pseudo-class is a selector that assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by a simple selector, for example :hover whereas, a pseudo-element however allows us to create items that do not normally exist in the document tree, for example ``::after`. Pseudo-classes select regular elements but under certain conditions, like when their position relative to siblings or when they’re under a particular state. Pseudo elements create virtual new elements.

5. What are media queries and how are they used?
A. A media query consists of an optional media type and zero or more expressions that limit the style sheets' scope by using media features, such as width, height, and color. Media queries let the presentation of content be tailored to a specific range of output devices without having to change the content itself. The media features resolve to either true or false. The result of the query is true if the media type specified in the media query matches the type of device the document is being displayed on and all expressions in the media query are true.

6. What is responsive web design?
A. Responsive web design (RWD) is an approach to web design aimed at allowing desktop webpages to be viewed in response to the size of the screen or web browser one is viewing with. Web pages can be viewed using many different devices: desktops, tablets, and phones. Your web page should look good, and be easy to use, regardless of the device. Web pages should not leave out information to fit smaller devices, but rather adapt its content to fit any device.