1. What are media queries?
A.A media query consists of an optional media type and zero or more expressions that limit the style sheets' scope by using media features, such as width, height, and color. Media queries let the presentation of content be tailored to a specific range of output devices without having to change the content itself. The media features resolve to either true or false. The result of the query is true if the media type specified in the media query matches the type of device the document is being displayed on and all expressions in the media query are true.

2. In media queries what are following properties min-width, max-width, resolution, screen, print, speech, with examples?
A. The min-width property is used to set the minimum width of an element. This prevents the value of the width property from becoming smaller than min-width. The default value of the min-width is set to zero. The value of the min-width property overrides both max-width and width.
                  
                  Syntax:- p {
                                 min-width: value; // sets the minimum width for the element p.
                                 }

    The max-width property is used to set the maximum width of an element. This prevents the value of the width property from becoming larger than max-width.There is no default value for max-width. The value of the max-width property overrides width. 

                        Syntax:- p {
                                 max-width: value; // sets the maximum width for the element p.
                                 }

    The resolution property indicates the pixel density of the output device. The resolution may be specified in either dots per inch (dpi) or dots per centimeter (dpcm). The max-resolution and min-resolution sets to the maximum and minimum dense values for the output device.

    The screen property is used to color computer screens. The speech property is used to intend speech synthesizers.

    The print property is used for paged material and for documents viewed on screen in print preview mode.

3. what are position property values in css (static, relative, absolute, fixed) explain differences ?
A. The position property specifies the type of positioning method used for an element. Elements are then positioned using the top, bottom, left, and right properties. However, these properties will not work unless the position property(static, relative, absolute, fixed) is set first. They also work differently depending on the position value.

Static: HTML elements are positioned static by default. Static positioned elements are not affected by the top, bottom, left, and right properties. Using the position:static, the elements are not positioned newly.

Relative: An element with position: relative; is positioned relative to its normal position. Setting the top, right, bottom, and left properties of a relatively-positioned element will cause it to be adjusted away from its normal position. Other content will not be adjusted to fit into any gap left by the element.

Absolute: An element with position: absolute; is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor.

Fixed: An element with position: fixed; is positioned relative to the viewport, which means it always stays in the same place even if the page is scrolled. The top, right, bottom, and left properties are used to position the element. A fixed element does not leave a gap in the page where it would normally have been located.

4. What is a float and clear property in css?
A. The float property specifies whether or not an element should float. In its simplest use, the float property can be used to wrap text around images but whereas the clear property is used to control the behavior of floating elements. The clear property specifies on which sides of an element floating elements are not allowed to float. The overflow property specifies what happens if content overflows an element's box. This property specifies whether to clip content or to add scrollbars when an element's content is too big to fit in a specified area.

5. What is bootstrap grid system? rows and columns?
A. A grid is a 2D structure made up of intersecting straight (vertical, horizontal) lines used to structure the content. It is widely used to design layout and content structure in print design. Bootstrap includes a responsive grid system that appropriately scales up to 12 columns as the device size increases. It includes predefined classes for easy layout options, as well as powerful mixins for generating more semantic layouts.

6. What are xs, sm, md, lg in bootstrap?
A. These are the different types of classes in bootstrap grid system. As said before, bootstrap grid is used to scale the page irrespective of the devices, these classes help to do so. xs is used for phones and sm is used for tablets whereas md is used for desktops and lg is used for larger desktops.

7. differences between container and container-fluid?
A. The main difference between a container and container-fluid is that the .container class provides a responsive fixed width container and
the .container-fluid class provides a full width container, spanning the entire width of the device.

8.What are the break points to be use in media queries for mobile, tablets, medium size desktops and large desktops?
A. 



